1136 - Cleanup pages (Round Two) (#1498)
infor-design/enterprise: src/components/colorpicker/readme.md

  - name: Color Picker Example
    slug: example-index
  pages:
  - name: Showing Custom Color Labels
    slug: example-custom-labels
  - name: Showing Label (instead of the hex value)
    slug: example-show-label
  - name: Different Sized Color Pickers
    slug: example-sizes
  - name: Color Picker States
    slug: test-states
  - name: Color Picker on a Modal
    slug: test-modal
  - name: Clear Option on the Color Picker
    slug: test-clearable
---

## Code Example

> The color picker consists of a input with `class="colorpicker"``. It can be initialized manually or with the page initializer. Once initialized it functions similar to a dropdown except that the list is showing a color pallet in the popup. A tooltip shows the hex code to be inserted if you hover it on the popup. After selecting the hex code is inserted. You can also optionally select the label into the field instead of the hex.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The color picker consists of an input with `class="colorpicker"`. It can be initialized manually or with the page initializer. Once initialized, it functions similarly to a dropdown except that the list shows a color pallete in the popup. A tooltip shows the hex code to be inserted if you hover it on the popup. After selecting, the hex code is inserted. You can also optionally select the label into the field instead of the hex.
```

```html
<div class="field">
  <label for="background-color">Background Color</label>
  <input class="colorpicker" value="#ffa800" id="background-color" type="text" />
</div>
```

## Behavior Guidelines

- The Color Picker by default supports colors within a pre-configured palette of IDS colors. You can optionally add your own list of colors as specified by the developer.

> - There is also an option to allow the ability to clear color selection for example remove a color or restore a default color.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- There is also an option to allow the ability to clear the color selection. For example, to remove a color or to restore a default color.
```

## Accessibility

> - Currently implemented similar to aria combobox. This approach needs more testing.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Currently implemented similarly to aria combobox. This approach needs more testing.
```

- Disabled
- Focus
- Dirty
- Error
- Only the color
- Label or Hex
- Not Editable (except with the picker)
- Readonly

## Testability

- Please refer to the [Application Testability Checklist](https://design.infor.com/resources/application-testability-checklist) for further details.

## Responsive Guidelines

- Follows form guidelines or has specific sizes that you can specify

## Upgrading from 3.X

- inforColorPicker class renamed to colorpicker
- Plugin renamed from .inforColorPicker() to .colorpicker()

> - Options mode, and title deprecated (this was never actually used)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Options mode and title are deprecated (these were never actually used)
```

Reviewer: Tim, is it both Options mode and title are deprecated? Or just title?
